var emily = {

	attacks : {
	lips: {
		tits: "Emily bends forwards, and you back up into a and she goes for the chest! Her lips wrap around your sensitive nipple, and she begins to suckle like a nursing infant. Lapping at your nub, circles it with her tongue while her lips pull, again and again and again.",
		lips: "Emily uppercuts you hard as you hug her and meet your eyes with hers as she then gives you a force of deep kiss in a middle of the ring during a boxing match... she pushes her tongue into your mouth as she locks lips with you, exploring your mouth with her licker while she suckles on your own tongue. Then breaks the kiss 'Your really good to kiss to suck the energy out hehe' Puts her guard up",
		penis: "Emily gives you barrage of punches at your body and face till you start to pant and get a little defenseless and push you to the ropes playfully and smiles 'Time to give you a break from my punches and have my lips to play with your cock mmh' The dog goes to her knees. She then shoves her face into your groin for a suckle~ Her lips wrap around your cock, and she begins to suck. Bobbing her head back and forth, she sucks your dick as long as she can get away with, a thin strand of drool connecting her lips to your prick as she finally pulls away and puts her guard up 'Break time over cutie.'",
		vagina: "Emily gives you barrage of punches at your body and face till you start to pant and get a little defenseless and push you to the ropes playfully and smiles 'Time to give you a break from my punches and have my lips to play with your pussy' drops to her knees and spreads your legs with her boxing gloved paws, pushing her face against your cunt. Rolling her tongue from end-to-end of your slit, she flicks your clit with a slurp of her tongue at the top of each stroke, drooling all over your pussy as she eats that muff~",
		ass: "Emily hooks you in the face as you go to the ropes and your back is facing her. Emily then smiles and immidately goes on her knees and then starts licking your ass. Lips touch pucker moments later, the dog licking your ass like she's at a wild house with you. Lips suckling on your pucker, her tongue shoves inside and explores before pulling out with a loud, vulgar *SLURP*."
	},
	fingers: {
		tits: "Emily punches your breasts for a few minutes then stops punching as she then starts groping your breast, making sure to rub your nipples with her pink boxing glove hands.",
		lips: "Emily fondles your mouth, pushing her boxing gloves past your lips and rolling them around for you to kiss them.",
		penis: "Emily dodges your uppercut as she then hugs you as she darts in he gloved paw between your legs to wrap her boxing glove hand around your cock. One vigorous, exhausting, dick-milking handjob as she smiles as she hears you moan joyful as she later then lets go and gets back into a defensive pose.",
		vagina: "Emily blocks your jab as she uppercuts your sexy jaw as you start shaking your head. She then darts in and shoves her gloved paw between your legs to get her Gloved paws on your pussy. She rubs your pussy for a while with her boxing glove for a while till she hears you moan happily. She pulls away, fingers wet, and licks her digits clean.",
		ass: "Emily hooks you in the face as you go to the ropes and your back is facing her. Then she starts to punch and slap your butt hard~"
		
	},
	tits: {
		tits: "Emily wraps her arms around you and squashes her chest against you from the front. Her breasts pillow and goosh out against your own. '... Mine are bigger, Bitch.' she taunts, before hopping back.",
		lips: "Emily shoves her nipple into your mouth, trying to hold you in place by the back of your head with her gloved paws. 'Mmmm you better love this cause I will keep you there all night love' She smirks",
		penis: "Emily gives you a hard uppercut to your jaw as it forces you onto your back, as she drops down to her knees and putting her sexy boobs over your dick. She then enwraps her boobs around your cock, and starts jerking you off forcefully with her breasts, blowing you a kiss as she does. as you moans and tell her not to stop",
		vagina: "Emily smiles, Uppercutting you to fall onto your back as she then lays next to you and bring you on her as she on her back. She makes your groin disappear with her boobs, and her nipples are juuust good enough to give a good stretching to a gal's cunt... it's a bit milky in there afterwards, though.",
		ass: "Emily hooks you in the face as you go to the ropes and your back is facing her. She drops to her knees and tit-boxes your ass hard and fast, teasing~ 'Hehehe!'"
		
	},
	sex: {
		tits: "Emily giggles behind an open palm and pounces you... wrapping her legs around your chest. Somehow, she manages to squish one of your breasts up between her legs, grinding her pussy back and forth over your breast like she's trying to scissor with it... it's wet, tingly, and she hops off with a peck of a kiss to your forehead.",
		lips: "Emily uppercuts you hard at the jaw as you sit on your ass at the corner as your face eyes her pussy as she smiles... 'Eat.' she demands, pushing her pussy in your face. Shoving you between her thighs, she forces her cunt against your mouth and starts grinding on your face. Clit shoved into your mouth, she humps your mouth like she had a significantly less female piece between her legs... smearing pussyjuice everywhere.",
		penis: "Emily trades tons of punches with you as she gets horney badly and ducks under one of your hooks and massively uppercuting your jaw hard as you fall to your back hard as she then mounts on your cock and with a wet squelch her cunt engulfs you. A short, bouncy ride ensues, Emily punching your chest as she works your member with her cunt, the squelching of her juices loud and vulgar.",
		vagina: "Emily teases you. 'Did you bring scissors? Hopefully not the safety kind.' Without any more of an explanation, she drops you to the mat with a uppercut to your jaw, grabbing both your ankles and pointing your crotch skywards. She sits on your upturned crotch like a throne, smushing her pussy against yours... and rocking her hips like a saw. Rolling her cunt against yours, fluids are swapped, lips and clits catch against each other, and your crotch is soaked in her juices before she lets you up~",
		ass: "Emily hooks you in the face as you go to the ropes and your back is facing her. She now comes from behind and grinds her crotch to your ass, bouncing up and down a bit 'Getting turned on already?'"
		
	},
	ass: {
		tits: "Emily smiles and punches you, using the significant girth of her powerful uppercut to knock you to the mat. She booty-stomps onto your chest, making the mat reverberate... and squishing whatever cleavage you have with her posterior's cleavage! Grinding and rocking her hips, she giggles madly, all the flesh wobbly and warm... before hopping back into a fighting pose.",
		lips: "Emily smirks as she knocks you down on all fours as she has her ass pointed at your face. 'Hungry? No? Too bad.' she teases. She pushes her ass in your face as she pushes you to your back from being on all fours, she makes the world vanish into darkness. 'Eat.' she taunts. She starts grinding her pucker on your mouth, anus rubbing, smearing her scent, trying to force you to tongue her tush if she can get away with it... getting up only when you are desperate for breath.",
		penis: "Emily stares at your groin like a greedy queen. '... Mine.' She does a double-uppercut to your jaw, having her body over your fallen body waiting for your to go straight up... Once your cock is properly pointed skywards, she drops onto it like she's trying to squish a Goomba. Your cock vanishes first into her anal cleavage, second into her pucker... warmth, pressure, and friction engulfing your member. She grabs your legs for leverage, and gives a bouncy, noisy, ball-slapping ride in her rear end before hopping off your bedraggled form.",
		vagina: "Emily quirks an eyebrow, then looks at your cunt... then at her crotch. She whips a purple double-ended dildo out of her cleavage, shoving one end up her ass. With a leg-sweep, she gets you on your own tush, and sits on your crotch... shoving the other end of that toy into your cunt. A bouncy-ride later, she uses that dildo like a pogo stick in your snatch, until the whole thing is nice and wet. 'Whee!' she teases, hopping back into a fighting pose.",
		ass: "Emily hooks you in the face as you go to the ropes and your back is facing her. She then pushes her firm tonned ass against yours and grinds up and down some, giggling"
	},
	feet: {
		tits: "Emily give you a barrage oof punches that get you knocking off your feets and landing on the padded mat. Her toes go for your breasts... Soft soled digits, toes pinching your nipples and giving a little tug, a few to each... rolling as much of the flesh of your breast as she can grasp with her hind paws.",
		lips: "Emily traps you at the corner as you get tucker out from more of her punches at your body as your arms wrap around the top ropes keeping you up. You then tiredly look at her as she smiles as she holds on the ropes and stretches her leg to put her feet on your face. As she pushes her foot into your mouth, her hind paw stuffing a couple of toes past your lips. Pushing and pumping, she strokes your tongue with her toe, before grinding her soft sole over your lips and nose.",
		penis: "Emily knocks you down on your back after treating your face as a facial speedbag, as she then eyes your Cock, she then smiles at your cock as she then rubs her foot on your cock playfully for a while. Later she then backs away to let you up",
		vagina: "Emily throws a hook at your cheek as she then decides to play dirty as she leg-sweep you to get you on your ass, then plasters her heel on your cunt. Grinding and rubbing, she tries to grind your clitty with her soft heel, moving to roll her entire sole over your cunt back and forth... in a sawing motion culminating in pushing her big toe into your pussy for a brief moment.",
		ass: "Emily hooks you in the face as you go to the ropes and your back is facing her. Then she quickly kicks your butt, sending you up an inch before she moves back and gets on guard again"
		
	},
	},
	defenses : {
	fingers: {
		tits: "Emily barks out cutely as her boobs are being punch by your jabs and hooks alot. As you then later get the punhes playful on her boobs and begin to rub them with your boxing glove hands, her mammaries squish in your boxing gloves, hearing her moaning out of joy as her nipples are being touched. She goes crosseyed, toes clenching and unclenching while her breasts are kneaded, nipples pinched and twisted. 'Fuuuuck...' she groans.",
		lips: "You throw a hard uppercut to her abs as she then hugs you to prevent from falling as Emily eyes you and blushes. She opens her mouth with an 'Awm'   You rub your gloves over her lips as she licks it, before backing up and putting your guard up and beckons her. She smiles at you before putting her guard up 'I'm a good dog.'",
		sex: "As you push her to a corner you then rub your glove on emily pussy, her pussy wet and warm to the touch, she crosses her eyes upwards... clit throbbing underneath as your boxing glove rubs her pussy more, passage squelching and leaving traces of girl-juice behind on  your boxing glove. 'Ah... ahh-uhhh... whuuuff...' she groans, ears pinning back.",
		ass: "Emily gulps lewdly... when you reach for her ass with your boxing gloves, she flops forwards, falling over your lap with her naked ass presented upwards. '... Spank me, Please.' she begs. Whether what follows is a cheek-wobbling, butt-reddening spanken, which she remains on your lap to accept it, shivering and groaning throughout as you spank her ass with your boxing glove."
	},
	tits: {
		tits: "Emily grunts as you push your tits on hers. She accepts this challenge, letting her boobs squish out against your own as you come forwards. Her nipples hard, she does her best in this chest sumo match to try and push you over, but her breasts are just so sensitive! She ends up squeaking and twitching her tail, eyes shut, as her nipples catch against your own time and time again... 'Mmmf...'",
		lips: "Emily blinks... she winces after you giving her a powerful hook to stun her and force her lips on your tits, as her tail starts wagging faster. Nursing like an infant, she suckles and licks at your teat... drinking anything that comes out, and nibbling and flicking the nub with her tongue regardless. She suckles until the teat is taken from her, blushing and wagging her tail. '... I'm a good pup.'",
		sex: "Emily squeaks as she hits the mat hard after you delievered her a hard amout of combos at her of punches, her legs spread apart in a sexy pose. She soon finds her nethers smothering in her boobs, or at least a cute perky pair of nipples! She tries to close her legs around your torso but has marginal success at best, rolling and bucking her hips to try and use your breasts as a sybian. 'F... fuck me for real!' she teases frustratedly.",
		ass: "You give Emily a powerful hook as it makes her blinks... as she easily tripped, buttocks up in the air. A sumo battle ensues, but not with breast-to-breast, your tits against her buttocks instead. She squeaks and squirms, globes of flesh squishing in both directions, eventually giving your nipple a 'kiss' with a flex of her pucker as you come away from her rear end and put your guard up."

	},
	lips: {
		tits: "Emily gets hammered by your punches left and right as she is doing a good job mopping the ring with you until she gets tucker out as her arms drop to her sides. You then go in for the strike of licking and sucking her Naked boobs, as she gasp and can't keep your face away. A mouth, a nipple, and a gush of milk are what follows... her breasts full of it. Whether you went in for a nibble or a nurse, a full mouth is what you get... white lactation filling your cheeks for as many times as you swallow, the dog groaning and reeling throughout. '... M-momma dog, sorry. F-full at this time of day!' she protests cutely.",
		lips: "Emily body gets treated as your punching as she try to block your punches and fails as you then smile and then hug her and kisses her lips forcefully. She finds herself supported by your hug, and closes her eyes, lips puckered. A make-out follows, her opening her mouth submissively for your tongue to enter, sucking on it if proffered... or exploring your own oral cavity with her slippery dog tongue instead, if a hole is what's presented to her. 'Mwah...' she murmurs bashfully as she eyes you after you backing up after releasing her from your hug and both putting their guards up.",
		sex: "You uppercut emilys jaw hard as she put her arms  over the ropes as her back hit the ropes to keep her up as you see her pussy and grins as you then go on your kness in front of her pussy. 'Y-you want what? Uhm... mmf.' She spreads her legs. Her nethers are revealed, black, flush, wet... She closes her legs once you get close, the entire world vanishing in the darkness of her thick thighs. The warmth and wetness of her pussy are inescapable at this range, but a squeaking, wobbling, blushing mess is up above once she's done letting you eat her snatch. Her clitty's all hard now!",
		ass: "You hook emily in the face hard as she spins to have her belly side on the corner, as you then then get on your knees and start licking her ass to tease her. 'Oh god Yes, please do it more.' She moans happy, as your lips teases her butt hole.Throughout the booty make-out, she's flexing, squeezing your tongue, 'kissing' right back, and groaning like a whore up front... your face musky with her rear's scent by the time you pull away and then got to your feet and smile at her ass you put your guard up and wait for her to make her next strike."
	},
	vagina: {
		tits: "Emily gets knocked down by your sexy punches as she see you sitting on her chest. She tries to wrap her bosom around your entire groin, but there is no member there. She still squirms cutely as your pussy leaves a trail of your juices between her sexy boobs like a proper pearl necklace, just without the pearls. 'Oof.' she squeaks cutely.",
		lips: "You decided to play little femine dirty with emily as you kick her in the face breaking the boxing rules as she falls to her knees and looks up at your pussy and see you running one of your boxing glove hands through her hair. 'L-less experience with this one...' she groans bashfully. She opens her mouth and noms the proffered pussy, rolling her lips over it cutely as you push her head in your push with your hand that you ran through with her hair... She finds your clitty and nibbles obediently, sucking on the little nub before starting to lap your pussy like a proper doggy... rolling her tongue from one end of the slit to the other, tasting whatever ELSE has been in there along the way. 'Mmf...'",
		sex: "You knock emily onto the mat as she see multiples of you in her vision as she shakes her head seeing herself with her legs apart in a traditional scissoring pose, but she's the one with her side against the floor, not upright. She tries to maintain dominance over the pose, but finds HER pussy as the one getting fucked, twitching and leaking her juices on you as you grind on her over and over, face a bit dizzy, panting for breath. 'F... fuck.' she grunts cutely.",
		ass: "'What? I... mmf. Okay.' she teases bashfully. She turns around and drops to all fours -- using her oversized breasts as a form of suspension so she can use her paws to spread her butt-cheeks. She manages to hold herself wide enough for you to get your crotch in there, squeaking and blushing as your clitty bumps her pucker... She 'winks' her anus at you, giving a few small kisses to the proffered puss before standing back up. 'W-wow.'"

	},
	penis: {
		tits: "Emily starts panting like a tired dog as you uppercut her body alot... She then falls to her back after finishing your last uppercut assaualt at her jaw as her breasts within her boxing glove hands, leaving her cleavage open. She lets it close like a pair of Nerf wrecking-balls around your cock after you insert it in between her boobs, warm, sloshy flesh making your dick disappear. She licks at the exit of her cleavage in case you poke your cock tip out, but otherwise pants like a skank throughout the titty-fuck, her breasts slamming against your groin with returned inertia with almost enough force to dismount you! '... M... more please!'",
		lips: "You make Emily fall to her sexy ass in a sitting position after doing many combo punches at her as she stares at your cock panting 'May I worship your cock please?' She eyes you sweetly as you are dominating her as you smirk at her and lets her suck your cock as she also gropes your ass ceeks at the same time with her boxing glove hands. As she still sucks your cock her eyes half-shut as she gets her treat, as she bobs her head in your lap, drooling, sucking, clearly flustered and a bit mind-numbed... leaving a coating of her spittle from base to tip of your cock, as she bottoms out. Flustered, rubbing her pussy with her boxing  glove, she finishes. '... Thank you.' As you both then get up and get your guard up",
		sex: "Emily can't resist a strong person cock. She then stops boxing you for a minute asking you to tease her pussy. You smile at her and push her to the ropes, spreading her legs as you then insert it in her pussy as she howls excitedly. 'Fuck meeee!' she groans as her breasts bouncing, eyes crossed with mindless lust as she accepts every thrust you have. She gasps and groans, as she eyes you in your eyes sweetly, as her pussy soaking your groin with arousal as you fuck her silly. 'M... more... don't stop!'",
		ass: "You give Emily a strong hook to her cheek as she then falls to the mat on her belly side. As she try to get back to her feet, she manges to get on all fours. You then grin and take her by surprise as you shove your cock in her ass as you have your boxing gloves on her ass cheeks. She then squeaks 'What are you.... oh god yes, please, PLEASE!' she begs, you give her a sexy doggy-style.'Fuck my ass!!' Once her pucker is full and warm, she practically melts... face going vapid, tongue lolling out. 'Yeeesss... I love anal...' Her well-practiced hole accepts you to the hilt, a cute 'MMF!' coming from her mouth on every thrust, breath matching your timing perfectly. '... More, more, more!! Please?! I'm gonna cum...'"
	},
	ass: {
		tits: "Emily falls down with a bashful grunt as she gets knoked down by your punches.She then see you sit on her chest. 'L-lay off my treasure.' she teases cutely. Her sensitive breasts are squished by your booty, two rear globes vying for dominance with a pair of giant mammaries. She finds her nipples kissing your pucker at one point or another, and if you're not careful you end up with milk in your ass... 'S-sorry. I'm a momma dog, they're always full.'",
		lips: "'May I? May I!?!' she pants and groans. She drops to her ass at a corner on the mat putting her boxing gloved hands on the ropes eyes you like a little slave, panting. With a butt soon in her face, she dives her nose between your rumpcheeks and smells your pucker with a deep snort, like a social dog at a dog park. The licking begins, the wolf going from stroking the whole length of your ass-crack with her tongue, to kissing your ass full and proper... nursing and smooching your asshole, shoving her tongue inside and exploring whatever she finds, licking around in there like she's trying to wash it. One heady suck on your anus later and she comes away, face musky. '... thank you SO much...' she moans. As you then smile and put your guard up and beckon her to get back to her feet and box some more with you",
		sex: "'Wait... what?' she squeaks, crosseyed. She sits down, spreading her legs... and instead finds herself with her crotch in the air, groin against your rumpcheeks. She rolls and bounces, trying to get some kind of friction going for herself... her clit occasionally bumping your pucker along the way. 'Ffff.... w-warm.' she groans. There's a cute film of girl-juices in your ass-crack by the time she stands up and bout to put her guard up and resume boxing you at least.",
		ass: "You jab emily face over and over as she dodges your uppercut heading to her jaw and puts her arms out 'Time out please.' You stop and she hands you a double-ended dildo out of her cleavage, offering it with a bashful grin. 'Can we have some fun with you butt fucking me with yours?' She smiles cutely at you as She turns around and leans on the ropes to her breasts, the ropes serving as suspension to keep her up. She stuffs the fat end of the toy in her ass, turning on a vibration setting... and lets you use the other end as you will. Whether it's shoving it into her, or riding the other end with your ass to fuck HERS, she submits to it, drooling like an idiot. 'M... Mmmmf... a-anal... Butt bitch dog boxer...' she groans cutely."

	},
	feet: {
		tits: "Emily lays down with a frustrated, stimulated grunt from being knocked down by your punches. She lightly moans as your foot rubs her boobs as your toes plays with her nipples... . Her nipples gets hard between your toes later on, as her boobs are squishy, they are also strong enough to even support your body if you stand on her chest. 'Mmmf... guh.' she teases cutely.",
		lips: "Emily pants on her ass with her mouth open, so you see the opportunity to humilate her a little as you shove your foot in her mouth past her lips to make her suck your sweaty feet. She groans as sucks your sole, and each toes, as she also licks them with her tongue making them clean.By the time she stands up she looks dizzy! as she gets her guard up tiredly and eyes your feets as she acts silly 'F... feeeet.'",
		sex: "Emily gets uppercut hard in the abs only to fold over and get a really hard jab right at her face from you as it knocks her flat on her back as she struggles a bit to get back up, but ends up on her tush with her legs spread, breasts heaving up and down her chest. 'Lucky shot!' she squawks cutely. She then feels something weird on her pussy as she sees her pussy is under your heel, her juices already worked up from all the fighting. Her clit's a tickly point against your sole as you squish and rub with your feet, a cute, defeated look on her face throughout. 'Mmmmf!'",
		ass: "You knocked her onto stomach after giving emily a hard hook at her face. As she groan lightly you put your toes in her crack 'Wait, Wait' she squeaks. She then helplessly offers her anus, curiously... still down on her stomach side on the mat, spreading her cheeks happily, as you grind and rub around her anus... she tries to open her pucker in a 'winking' motion with her muscles, and sees if you can get your big toe inside of her... gripping it tightly and blushing. '... Can I suck on your toes now? Please?'"

	},
	},
	special: {
		intro: "You walk in the ring to meet with your boxing trainer as you want to train and plus have a fight with your trainer. So you wait in the ring for a few as then as you stand at your corner you see something coming out of the shadow area outside the ring. As the figure climbs in the light in the ring you noticed its a female brown dog wearing just white boxing gloves with a pink heart on the knuckle section of the gloves. She then notices you at your corner and approaches you smiling in joy 'Hi there, I'm Emily and I'm going to be both your trainer and opponent for todays training of boxing.' She still smiles as she checks your body out before leaving and whispers to you 'Get ready to lost to me as I will make you cum and knockout you out sweetheart' She winks at you and goes at her corner and waits for the bell to ring. 'Ding....ding....ding'",
		win: "She smiles at you as you cum everywhere in the ring as you are on your back as some of your cum is on emily body as well as she lightly giggles at you as she then sits on your abs as her gloved fists rest on your chest as you eye her tiredy. 'Well that was fun hope we can box again sometime, but for now you need to trian more and box me again when you feel worthy. Oh did I also forget to mention I was a undefeated boxer champ for every species? Welll now you know, but time for you to go to sleep' She kisses her right boxing glove fist on her heart and slams it in your face knocking you out as she gets up and poses over you for the rest of the day giggling.",
		lose: "She cums on the mat as she lays on her back as she eyes you tiredly as some of her cum is on your body as ask you one thing 'Can you put me to sleep?' You give her request by slamming your fist in her face knocking her out as you then leave the ring",
		pass: "Emily smiles as you get distracted by her sexy naked dog body as she then teases you 'Oh you want to have my body hmm? Well come here then I won't bite if you are going to let me win and make you cum' She giggles as she beckons you to come closer to her."
	}
};

module.exports = emily;